{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs30 \cf0 The Macintosh operating system has provided sophisticated text handling and typesetting capabilities from its beginning. In fact, these features sparked the desktop publishing revolution. Core Text is the most modern text-\uc0\u8208 handling technology on the platform. It is designed specifically for Mac OS X and is written in C, so it can be called from any language in the system. It is positioned as a core technology to provide consistent, high-\u8208 performance text services to other frameworks throughout the system, and the Core Text API is accessible to applications that need to use it directly. Core Text resides in the Application Services umbrella framework (ApplicationServices) so that it is callable from both Carbon and Cocoa and has all of the lower-\u8208 level services it needs.
\fs24 \

\fs30 Core Text is not meant to replace the Cocoa text system, although it provides the underlying implementation for many Cocoa text technologies. If you can deal with high-\uc0\u8208 level constructs, such as text views, you can probably use Cocoa. For this reason, Cocoa developers typically have no need to use Core Text directly. Carbon developers, on the other hand, will find Core Text faster and easier to use, in many cases, than preexisting Mac OS X text layout and font APIs.
\fs24 \

\fs30 To decide whether Core Text is the right Mac OS X text technology for your application, apply the following guidelines:
\fs24 \
}